. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

# System libraries
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --with-pthreads

# Features
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-gio

ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-installer

# Optimization
ac_add_options --enable-optimize

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/moz-objdir

# Iceweasel
ac_add_options --disable-official-branding
ac_add_options --with-branding=debian/branding

# ConnochaetOS
#ac_add_options --build=i586-pc-linux-gnu
#ac_add_options --host=i586-pc-linux-gnu
#export USE_SHORT_LIBNAME=1
#mk_add_options USE_SHORT_LIBNAME=1

# Parabola
ac_add_options --disable-safe-browsing
export BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options BUILD_OFFICIAL=1

# Build-generated