ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk2
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib


#mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="-j2"
ac_add_options --with-ccache
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="-Os"
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --disable-pedantic
ac_add_options --disable-static
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip

#ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
#ac_add_options --enable-xterm-updates
#ac_add_options --enable-chrome-format=flat
#ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
#ac_add_options --enable-pango
#ac_add_options --enable-printing
#ac_add_options --enable-xinerama
#ac_add_options --enable-gio
#ac_add_options --enable-gnomevfs
#ac_add_options --enable-gconf
#ac_add_options --enable-libnotify


ac_add_options --without-system-nspr
ac_add_options --without-system-nss
ac_add_options --without-system-libxul
ac_add_options --disable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --disable-system-sqlite

ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-lcms