AUTERIA END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE GAME (DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE GAME.

This software program, and any files that are delivered to you is the
copyrighted work of huehn software. Any use, reproduction, modification or
distribution of the game not expressly authorized by the terms of the License
Agreement is expressly prohibited.

 

1. Ownership.

All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the game
and all copies thereof (including without limitation any titles, computer code,
themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases,
locations, concepts, artwork, character inventories, structural or landscape
designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and recordings, audio-visual
effects, storylines, character likenesses, methods of operation, moral rights,
and any related documentation) are owned or licensed by huehn-software The game
may contain materials licensed by third parties, and the licensors of those
materials may enforce their rights in the event of any violation of this
License Agreement.

 

2. Responsibilities of End User.

A. Subject to the license granted hereunder, you may not, in whole or in part,
copy, photocopy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, derive source code
from, modify, disassemble, decompile, or create derivative works based on the
game, or remove any game proprietary notices or labels on the game. Failure to
comply with the restrictions and limitations contained in this Section shall
result in the immediate, automatic termination of the license granted hereunder
and may subject you to civil and/or criminal liability.

B. You agree that you shall not, under any circumstances,

(i) sell, grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of the game to
other parties in any way not expressly authorized herein, nor shall you rent,
lease or license the game to others;

(ii) exploit the game or any of its parts.

(iii) host, provide or develop matchmaking services for the game or intercept,
emulate or redirect the communication protocols used by huehn-software in any
way, including without limitation through protocol emulation, tunneling, packet
sniffing, modifying or adding components to the game, use of a utility program
or any other techniques now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose,
including without limitation unauthorized network play over the Internet,
network play utilizing commercial or non-commercial gaming networks, or as part
of content aggregation networks; or

(iv) facilitate, create or maintain any unauthorized connection to the game or
the Service, including without limitation any connection to any unauthorized
server that emulates, or attempts to emulate, the Service. All connections to
the game created by the game client or by other tools and utilities, may only
be made through methods and means expressly approved by huehn-software. Under
no circumstances may you connect, or create tools that allow you or others to
connect, to the game's proprietary interface other than those expressly
provided by huehn-software for public use.

3. Termination. This License Agreement is effective until terminated. You may
terminate the License Agreement at any time by (i) permanently destroying all
copies of the game in your possession or control; (ii) removing the game client
from your hard drive; and (iii) notifying huehn-software of your intention to
terminate this License Agreement. huehn-software may terminate this Agreement
at any time for any reason or no reason. In such event, you must immediately
and permanently destroy all copies of the game in your possession and control
and remove the game client from your hard drive. Upon termination of this
Agreement for any reason, all licenses granted herein shall immediately
terminate.

4. Patches and Updates. huehn-software may deploy or provide patches, updates
and modifications to the game that must be installed for the user to continue
to play the game. huehn-software may update the game remotely, including,
without limitation, the game client residing on the user's machine, without the
knowledge or consent of the user, and you hereby grant to huehn-software your
consent to deploy and apply such patches, updates and modifications.

5. Limitation of Liability, Indemnity. HUEHN-SOFTWARE SUBSIDIARIES SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE GAME OR
ANY USE OF THE GAME, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF
GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
DAMAGES OR LOSSES. FURTHER, HUEHN-SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PLAYER CHARACTERS, VIRTUAL GOODS (E.G., ARMOR, POTIONS,
WEAPONS, ETC.) OR CURRENCY, ACCOUNTS, STATISTICS, OR USER STANDINGS, RANKS, OR
PROFILE INFORMATION STORED BY THE GAME AND/OR THE SERVICE. HUEHN-SOFTWARE SHALL
NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ISP DISRUPTIONS, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE FAILURES, OR ANY OTHER EVENT
WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF DATA OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL
HUEHN-SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

You hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold huehn-software harmless from and
against any claim, liability, loss, injury, damage, cost or expense (including
reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by huehn-software arising out of or from
your use of the game. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply to
you.

6. Changes to the Agreement. huehn-software reserves the right, at its sole
discretion, to change, modify, add to, supplement or delete any of the terms
and conditions of this License Agreement when huehn-software upgrades the game
client, effective upon prior notice as follows: huehn-software will post
notification of any such changes to this License Agreement on the AUTERIA
WEBSITE and will post the revised version of this License Agreement in this
location, and may provide such other notice as huehn-software may elect in its
sole discretion. If any future changes to this License Agreement are
unacceptable to you or cause you to no longer be in compliance with this
License Agreement, you may terminate this License Agreement. Your installation
and use of any updates or modifications to the game or your continued use of
the game following notice of changes to this Agreement will demonstrate your
acceptance of any and all such changes. huehn-software may change, modify,
suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the game at any time. huehn-software may
also impose limits on certain features or restrict your access to parts or all
of the game without notice or liability. You have no interest, monetary or
otherwise, in any feature or content contained in the game.

7. Miscellaneous. This License Agreement constitutes and contains the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any prior oral or written agreements, provided, however, that this
Agreement shall coexist with, and shall not supersede, the Terms of Use. To the
extent that the provisions of this Agreement conflict with the provisions of
the Terms of Use, the conflicting provisions in the Terms of Use shall govern.

I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the foregoing License
Agreement and agree that by installing the game client I am acknowledging my
agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

Â© 2007 huehn-software.
