#!/bin/sh

if [ $# -lt 3 ]; then
	script=`basename $0`
	if [ $# -eq 1 -a \( "x$1" = "x-l" -o "x$1" = "x--list-rulesets" \) ]; then
			cat <<EOF
PMD 4.3 rulesets
================

long name                            short name
------------------------------------ -----------------------
rulesets/android.xml                 android
rulesets/basic-jsf.xml               jsf
rulesets/basic-jsp.xml               jsp
rulesets/basic.xml                   basic
rulesets/braces.xml                  braces
rulesets/clone.xml                   clone
rulesets/codesize.xml                codesize
rulesets/controversial.xml           controversial
rulesets/coupling.xml                coupling
rulesets/design.xml                  design
rulesets/favorites.xml
rulesets/finalizers.xml              finalizers
rulesets/imports.xml                 imports
rulesets/internal/all-java.xml
rulesets/internal/dogfood.xml
rulesets/j2ee.xml                    j2ee
rulesets/javabeans.xml               javabeans
rulesets/junit.xml                   junit
rulesets/logging-jakarta-commons.xml logging-jakerta-commons
rulesets/logging-java.xml            logging-java
rulesets/migrating.xml               migrating
rulesets/migrating_to_13.xml
rulesets/migrating_to_14.xml
rulesets/migrating_to_15.xml
rulesets/migrating_to_junit4.xml
rulesets/naming.xml                  naming
rulesets/optimizations.xml           optimizations
rulesets/releases/33.xml
rulesets/releases/34.xml
rulesets/releases/35.xml
rulesets/releases/36.xml
rulesets/releases/37-jsp.xml
rulesets/releases/37.xml
rulesets/releases/38.xml
rulesets/releases/39.xml
rulesets/releases/40rc1.xml
rulesets/releases/41.xml
rulesets/releases/42.xml
rulesets/scratchpad.xml              scratchpad
rulesets/strictexception.xml         strictexception
rulesets/strings.xml                 strings
rulesets/sunsecure.xml               sunsecure
rulesets/typeresolution.xml          typeresolution
rulesets/unusedcode.xml              unusedcode
EOF
		exit 2
	fi
	echo "Usages:"
	echo "  $script <java-src-file> html|xml|text|vbhtml rulesetfile1[,rulesetfile2[,..]]"
	echo "  $script [-l|--list-rulesets]"
	exit 1
fi

for name in /usr/share/java/pmd/*.jar; do
  CP=$CP:$name
done

FILE=$1
shift
FORMAT=$1
shift
RULESETFILES="$@"

$JAVA_HOME/bin/java -Xmx512m -cp $CP net.sourceforge.pmd.PMD $FILE $FORMAT $RULESETFILES
